NMS-14347: Add new terms to glossary.adoc (#4852)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/glossary.adoc

Application Perspective Monitoring (APM):: A method that uses the Minion infrastructure to monitor a service’s availability from different perspectives to help identify if nodes are down for everyone or if an outage affects only certain sites. When a service is not responsive an outage will be generated with the corresponding perspective that sees the outage.
(See xref:operation:application-perspective-monitoring/introduction.adoc#application-perspective[Application Perspective Monitoring].)

Azure:: Microsoft Azure is a cloud-based hosting service that allows users to launch and maintain Microsoft Windows or Linux virtual machines.

Cassandra:: Open-source distributed/scale-out NoSQL database designed to hold large amounts of structured or unstructured data across many servers.
(See xref:deployment:time-series-storage/newts/introduction.adoc#ga-opennms-operation-newts[Newts].)

> CircleCI:: CircleCI is a continuous integration and delivery platform that hosts OpenNMS's CI/CD environment. It integrates with and monitors OpenNMS GitHub repositories, and automatically launches and tests a new build when a commit is detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CircleCI:: CircleCI is a continuous integration and delivery platform that hosts OpenNMS's CI/CD environment.
It integrates with and monitors OpenNMS GitHub repositories, and automatically launches and tests a new build when a commit is detected.
```

> Discourse:: Discourse is an open-source forum platform built on the Ember.js framework. It forms the basis for OpenNMS's community forums (https://opennms.discourse.group/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discourse:: Discourse is an open-source forum platform that hosts OpenNMS's community forums (https://opennms.discourse.group/).

```
For this one, I would remove the platform information and maybe combine the two sentences, and add a second sentence about what people can expect: knowledge base articles, support, announcements, and general discussion about all things related to OpenNMS.

Discovery:: A process that uses ICMP to find network devices and services in your network and then automatically adds them to monitoring.
(See xref:operation:provisioning/introduction.adoc#discovery-auto[Provisioning].)

Docker:: Docker is an open-source virtualization service consisting of three components: Docker Compose (a tool for defining and running multi-container Docker applications), Docker Swarm (a tool providing native clustering functionality for Docker containers), and Docker Volume (a tool that allows for the independent persistence of data). 

> (See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_(software) [Docker (Software)].)

Reviewer: In this case, I would link to the Docker documentation instead of Wikipedia. https://docs.docker.com/ 
When we can, it's great to link to other open source projects.

Dominion:: The service on an OpenNMS core that controls the operation of Minions.
(See xref:reference:configuration/minion-confd/minion-confd.adoc#dominion [Configuring Minion via Confd].)

Elasticsearch:: Elasticsearch is a search engine based on the Lucene library. OpenNMS persists/forwards certain data to Elasticsearch to store flow records and warehouse events and alarm history for long-term storage of this data.
(See xref:operation:elasticsearch/introduction.adoc#elasticsearch[Elasticsearch Integration].)

> Flows:: Summaries of network traffic sent by network devices. (See xref:operation:flows/introduction.adoc[Flows].)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flows:: Summaries of network traffic sent by network devices. 
(See xref:operation:flows/introduction.adoc[Flows].)
```

> Foreign Source:: A data source hosted outside of your local network. To monitor a foreign source, a foreign source definition must be set. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foreign Source:: A data source hosted outside of your local network.
To monitor a foreign source, you must set a foreign source definition. 
```

Kafka:: Clusterable, open-source message broker designed for high-throughput/low-latency event streaming originally developed at LinkedIn, now supported by the Apache community.
(See xref:deployment:core/setup-message-broker.adoc#setup-message-broker[Set Up Message Broker].)

> Kibana:: Kibana is a component of the Elastic Stack (comprised of Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana). It provides visualization capabilities for data indexed in an Elasticsearch cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kibana:: Kibana is a component of the Elastic Stack (comprised of Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana).
It provides visualization capabilities for data indexed in an Elasticsearch cluster.
```

Remote Method Invocation (RMI):: Java API that lets one Java Virtual Machine (JVM) running object to invoke methods on an object running in another JVM. RMI integration lets you access Horizon/Meridian through jconsole or remote manage them.
(See xref:operation:admin/rmi.adoc#rmi[Enabling RMI].)

> Requisitions:: Sets of nodes to be imported into Horizon for monitoring and management. Requisitions can be iteratively built and imported at a later date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requisitions:: Sets of nodes to import into {page-component-title} for monitoring and management.
Requisitions can be iteratively built and imported at a later date.
```
The {page-component-title} attribute will substitute Horizon or Meridian depending on which is being built.
